Add `ignore_discord_ids` setting (#68)
qaisjp/go-discord-irc: README.md

| `nickserv_identify`   | No               |                                            | Yes                          | on connect this message will be sent: `PRIVMSG nickserv IDENTIFY <value>`, you can provide both a username and password if your ircd supports it                         |
| `cooldown_duration`   | No               | 86400 (24 hours)                           | Yes                          | time in seconds for a discord user to be offline before it's puppet disconnects from irc                                                                                 |
| `show_joinquit`       | No               | false                                      | yes                          | displays JOIN, PART, QUIT, KICK on discord                                                                                                                               |
| `max_nick_length`     | No               | 30                                         | yes                          | Maximum allowed nick length                                                                                                                                              |

> ** `irc_ignores_discord` doesn't require a restart but the users when un-ignored will relay as if in simple mode **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** `ignored_discord_user_ids` doesn't require a restart but unignored users will not reconnect automatically if they are online — their messages will just be relayed by the irc listener bot, as if in simple mode.
```

(setting still needs renaming)
